Scheduler: Add View Switcher views info (#8105)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxScheduler/1 Configuration/currentView.md

To subscribe to changes of the current view, use the [onOptionChanged](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxScheduler/1%20Configuration/onOptionChanged.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/#onOptionChanged') handler.

[note]

> - Ensure to include the **currentView** value in the **views** array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be sure to include the **currentView** value in the **views** array.
```
